Menu
====

A menu has buttons that represent possible actions. The menu is navigated 
using the mouse. Buttons may be pressed by clicking the mouse.

Buttons are stacked from top to bottom. A button covers 60% of the available 
screen width. The spacing between them expands depending on the available 
screen height, but is no less than two ems. The spacing to the top and bottom 
border of the screen is also no less than two ems.

One em is equal to one cell.

The menu font is Terminus.

The menu background colour is black. The buttons have a white background 
colour and black text.

Sound is handled by a sound handler which plays menu_idle.flac when idling, 
menu_hover.flac when hovering over an option, and menu_select.flac when an 
option is selected.


Key keys
========

Esc: exits the game and returns to main menu.
Pause/break: Pauses the game.


Paddles
=======

Paddles are handled by the players. They react to key presses and depresses 
for a "move up" and a "move down" command, and a "launch ball" command. They 
accelerate at 600 cells per second^2 to a max speed of 180 cells per second.


Ball
----

The ball is placed vertically centred by the paddle of its owner.

The balls test for collisions on the screen edges, the paddles, each other and 
on the bricks..

When the ball collides with the top or bottom screen edge its vertical 
velocity becomes negated.

When the ball hits an entity, the dot product of the collision normal and the 
relative velocity between the ball and the entity multiplied with two is added 
to the velocity of the ball.

When the ball hits the screen edge behind a paddle, the ball is reset at 
launch position.

When the ball collides with something, hit.flac is played.


Board
=====

The board has 15*15 bricks. The bricks have health depending on how close to 
the middle they are (9 / how far from the centre the column is). The bricks 
are 1 x 3 cells.

On-Screen-Display
-----------------
Centred at the top of the board is a score counter on the form of "n : m", 
where n is the score of actor i and m is the score of actor j, where i is the 
left actor and j is the right actor.

When the ball approaches the score counter, the score counter jumps up and out 
of the game world. When the ball leaves the score counter's area, the score 
counter gracefully descends back into its area.


Music
=====

music.flac is played in-game.
